Constraints
1 Not null:When we apply not null constraints to any of the column that column will not accept null values.
It can accept dublicate values.

2 Unique:when we apply 

3 Check: It is used to limit the range of the value to the particular column.

4 Primary key:when we apply primary key to multiple columns that combination should not be same.
 *primary key uniquely identifies each row in a table.
 *By default primary key will have not null unique constraints.
 *Each table key have only one primary key.
 *We can apply primary key to more than one column.(Multiple columns) that is nothing but an composite primary key.


not null ,unique, and check constraints are the column level  constraints.

FK:is a column in one table which primary key of the other table.
  primary key will always present in the prerant key.
  Foreign key will always prerant in the prerant key.
  primary key values and foreign key
  PK and FK constraints are the table level constraints.
  
  table1-id primary key-101,102,103,104
  
  GROUP BY:
  Having:filter the data
  SET OPRATORS:set operators are used to combined the data from two table
  1 Union-combined the result set of two or more select querries.
  2 Union all-
  
  JOINS:
  Joins will combined the more then one column values from one or more table. 
  1 Inner join:Return the similar values from both the tables.
  2 Left joins:
  3 cross joins:cross joins given the cartition product for both the tables.
  select a.id,b.id from a,b;_Syntax
  
  Subqureries:select * from tablename where condition(select * from another_table where condition)
  always inner queries excuted first.
  if want more than one row use In operators.
  like:this will match any lenght of any string.
  like condition is used for pattern matching.
  order by is used to solt the data either in ascending order or descending order.
  
  padding is nothing but adding some values to the exsting values.
  
  
  
  
  


